E                                     A
Truckin' got my chips cashed in, keep truckin like the doo-dah man
B                              A                  E
Together more or less in line, just keep truckin' on.     

  E
  Arrows of neon and flashin marquees out on Main Street 
  Chicago, New York, Detroit and it's all on the same street
  Your typical city involved in a typical daydream
  Hang it up and see what tomorrow brings


Dallas got a soft machine, Houston too close to New Orleans
New York got the ways and means; They just wont let you be    

  Most of the cats that you meet on the street speak of true love,
  Most of the time they're sittin and cryin at home.
  One of these days they knbow they gotta get goin' 
  Out of the door and down to the street all alone.

Truckin' like the doo dah man once  told me "You've got to play your hand.
Sometimes, the cards ain't worth a dime   if you don't lay 'em down.

       A                                      G D A
       Sometimes the lights all shinin' on me                           
                         D      A   G D A
       Other times I can barely see                      
       D         B         F#
       Lately it occurs to me      
              A                      E
       What a long strange trip it's been!

  What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane?
  She lost her sparkle you know she isn't the same
  Livin' on reds, Vitamin C and cocaine
  All a friend can say is ain't it a shame

Truckin' up to Buffalo, been thinkin' you've got to mellow slow
Takes time, you pick a place to go, just keep truckin' on.     

  Sittin' and starin' out of the hotel window
  Got a tip they're gonna kick the door in again
  I'd like to get some sleep before I travel
  But if you got a warrant, I guess you're gonna come in.

Busted down on Bourbon Street,  set up like a bowlin' pin
Knocked down, it gets to wearin' thin,  they just won't let you be.      

  You're sick of hangin' around, you'd like to travel
  Get tired of travellin', you want to settle down
  I guess they cant revoke your soul for tryin', 
  Get out of the door, light out and look al l around.

Truckin' I'm a-goin' home, whoa whoa  baby, back where I belong
Back home, sit down and patch my bones and  get back truckin on.     

